Mar coffee
lawn will miniature repded
I was holding my rock tight with my hands...
hade Europe
Please tell me.
You're an ungrateful fool...
even if you're skinny, thin, or true to your Bai,
no more business with love and matsutake...
or have fun anywhere you like.
I'm a man of my word.
I have a husband who is important to me.
I don't know any other men, and I don't know any other men.
Then where did you go?
I can tell you where I went,
but it's not for me, it's not for you.
I can't tell you, but I can tell you.
What are you saying?
I can't see, but my wife is teasing my husband.
I started to investigate.
I can tell you, but it's not for you.
I'm late because you told me to wait a few days.
I have a husband like that.
I'm going to take my own life.
I'm going to celebrate the death of my wife.
I'm going to show you.